samples: matter: Fix nRF54L15 internal build docs. (#19816)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Matter samples
--------------

> * Updated the :ref:`matter_template_sample` sample guide on how to build the sample on the nRF54L15 DK with support for Matter OTA DFU and DFU over Bluetooth SMP, and using internal MRAM only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the :ref:`matter_template_sample` sample document with the instructions on how to build the sample on the nRF54L15 DK with support for Matter OTA DFU and DFU over Bluetooth SMP, and using internal MRAM only.
```
